In an object oriented approach we can define many independent layers of an architectural integration.
    Each layer can be defined independently and in any order, even though they can be eventually interconnected. You only need to do the layers required to communicate with your stakeholders.

Layer numbers are going from abstract to more concrete in a physical sense.

Layer 1: Functional
Functions are defined independently of the boxes that may perform them. This enables the behavior and requirements to be applied consistently wherever needed. 
Functions are defined in a client-service architecture. This also splits out the function so that it's clear what each component is responsible for without identifying how it's being accomplished.
In an interconnect view, the client function port can be connected to the service function port. 
    This connection is from Box A to Box B.
    Note: This also helps in scenarios where there are multiple service items being returned to a single client.

Layer 2: Communication 
Communication ports (interfaces) are pre-defined as part of a library. These are ways for boxes to communicate, receive power etc. (e.g. USB, RS-422, HDMI, 5vDC)
Multiple of the same communication ports can be added to a box. Example: In A&D scenarios, some boxes have 8+ Ethernet connections to communicate with other computers or sensors..
In an interconnect view, the communication ports will typically be 1:1. For example Eth2 on Box A will connect to Eth 5 on Box B.
    This connection is from Box A to Box B.

Layer 3: Physical (cable) Connectors
Generally referred to as cable connectors, these are the physical interfaces of a box.
    This could be a wire coming out of a box (i.e. Mouse has the usb connector attached)
    It could also need a wire/cable/harness to plug into it. (i.e. Power Supply cable is standalone and plugs both into wall and power supply)
For a box, there are two major things that need to be defined, the connector housing/shell, and the contact arrangement.
    The housing/shell defines the physical shape/attributes of the connector (keying, materials, shape, etc). 
    The contact arangement defines the number of pins and their layout within the shell.
In an interconnect view, the cable connectors will be 1:1 connected to it's mate. Either in the form of a cable harness or another box.
    This connection is from Box A to Harness 1 OR Box A to Box B.

Layer 4: Cable Harness
Cable harnesses connect two boxes anywhere in the system.
    There can be multiple harnesses between the connecting boxes, and harnesses can branch off to other boxes as well.
In an interconnect view, the pins of one cable connector will connect to the pins of another cable connector.
    This connection is within a singular harness definition.

Layer 5: Cable Harness Wiring
Wires within a cable harness can have different characteristics (color, gauge, etc)
These wires should be predefined in a library.
In an interconnect view, the wires will be exposed and should be lined up for pin to pin connections
    This connection is displayed within a singular harness definition

Connecting Layers 1 and 2 
This connection is done within a singular box context. 
To connect the Functional and communication layers create a relationship between the functional port and the communication port. 
    In SysML v1, this would have been an assign relationship to identify the behavior as being assigned to the communication port(s).
        There could be a 1:1 or 1:Many between the function (singular) and communication ports.

Connecting Layers 2 and 3: Part A
This connection is done within a singular box context and is commonly referred to as a pin out.
To connect the communication and cable connector, create a connection between the signal of the communication port and the individual pin of the cable connector.
    Example: Connect Ground of USB to Pin 4 of the USB type A connector.
    This is just using a connector.

Connecting Layers 2 and 3: Part B
This connection is done within the system context. 
This connection comes from Layers 2 and 3 by definition.
    If we know the pin-outs of both boxes that need to talk, and the pin-out of the communication ports, then the pin-to pin requirements come for free.
        Connect the pin of Box A cable connector to the pin of the Box B cable connector.
            This corresponds to the appropriate communication port signal (i.e. Gnd to Gnd)
            These connections are passed to the cable harness design engineers to design the cable.
        This is just using a connector.

Connecting Layers 3 and 4
This connection is done within the system context and is your system interconnect view showing all boxes and harnesses within the system.
To connect the wire harness to the box cable connectors, create a connection between the connector on the harness and the connector on the box.
    This is just using a connector

Connecting Layers 4 and 5
This connection is done within a singular cable harness context
Connect one end of the wire and the individual pin of the cable connector on the harness and the other end of the wire to another individual pin of a cable connector on the harness.
    There should be a view showing the communication ports on both ends of the harness to help verify gauges and shielding are correct for that type of signal. 
        This is just using a connector.